Remote Method Invocation
1. What is Remote Method Invocation (RMI) and what is the purpose of RMI?
    This is a RPC call in a java way. When using this it handles all of the bolder plating( network set up and tear down, data passing etc )

2. Discuss the relationship between Remote Procedure Call and Remote Method Invocation
    In java we use methods we translate RPC into Remote Method Invocation.

3. Discuss Remote Procedure Call/Method Invocation in relation to space, time, and flow decoupling
    Space
        You need to know the addresse of the part you wanna call. It's p2p ( point 2 point )
    Time
        When it calls the methods it is blocking waiting for the response aka synkronus 
    Flow
        On the client there is no decoupling because we send the message and we expect a response right away. ( Fails ) 
        On the server is flow devopuled because it does not get block it self on a request. ( It just answers when it gets a request ) ( Passes )


4. Discuss the role of Remote Procedure Call/Method Invocation in distributed systems
    Allows there to be transparencies for software using the system, leaving the details of communication to the middleware.   

5. What is a Java Virtual Machine (JVM)?
    A hardware abstraction created in the mid 90's to allow programs to run on different cpu's in a time before chipset standardization was a thing.

6. What is a remote object?
    An object provided by the Java Remote Method Invocation (Java-RMI) system to allow java object oriented software to operate on objects stored in a different process.
    
7. Discuss the three main layers in the RMI architecture, i.e.
    - Stub and skeleton layer
        Stubs and skeletons provide compiler verification support for Java-RMI. Specifying the interface the remote function call allowing the client to invoke the function correctly.
    - Remote Reference layer
        Provides location transparency to the system.
    - Transport layer
        Endpoint: Port
        Channel: Socket
        Connection: TCP connection.
        Transport: Writer/Reader to/from the Connection.

8. What is a remote interface?
    An access point for the provided resource, hosts endpoints and skeletons.

9. What is serialization?
    Converts object data to a serialized data string that can be transferred through the network.

10. What is a RMI Registry?
    A listing of available methods that can be invoked on the known hosts.

