Switched Ethernet
1. Discuss the benefits of micro-segmentation
    It removes network collisions by only having each wire as its own segment. 

2. What kind of network device offer micro-segmentation capabilities?
    Switch and routers.

    
3. Discuss the role of CSMA/CD in fully switched (full duplex) Ethernet
    It has no role in moderen networks.

4. Why are latency and packet delay variations of concern in switched Ethernet?
    Switches use some extra processing time because they have to look at the MAC address and route the packets to the right place.
    When we have many Switches it all adds up

5. How may latency and packet delay variations influence dead-line guarantees of a realtime system based on Ethernet?
    The switchs and routers are all using more time to route the packets in the network. Also if the network is loaded with a lot of traffic then dead-lines are hard to meet.     

    
6. How does overflow and overflow-prevention in switches impact predictability of worstcase transmission time bounds?
    
    

7. Discuss the purpose of the Spanning Tree algorithm
    To prevent broadcast loops where each switch attempts to route a package to it's destination by broadcasting in circles.
    

8. Kruskal’ s minimum-spanning-tree algorithm
    - Implement Kruskal’ s minimum-spanning-tree algorithm in Python (use e.g. scipy.sparse.csgraph or NetworkX) and demonstrate it works via one or more examples.
        Done.
    - What does “greedy” mean in regards to an algorithm, and what makes Kruskal’ s minimum-spanning-tree algorithm “greedy”
        A greedy algorithm operates on a principle of taking the lowest cost edge as being the optimal solution. This is a work around P=NP that would be the optimal solution.
    - Argue for the time complexity of Kruskal’ s minimum-spanning-tree algorithm O(E logE) where E is the number of edges.
        A couple of loops through the edges and quicksort.

Real time Ethernet

1. Discuss the motivation for having Ethernet as a field-bus technology
    Hardware is cheap and easily available, with a sufficient data throughput. Making maintenance and production cheap. The protocol is also extremely widely available making getting developers easy.
    
2. Discuss the relevance of leaving bandwidth for normal asynchronous traffic in real-time Ethernet deployments
    To allow other asynchronous applications to get access to the network, fx. user interfaces and informative reporting services.

3. Discuss the Ethernet Frame structure and how it supports real-time Ethernet methods
    The 802.1Q tag allows the data to be marked as high/low priority or at least classified in some manner.
        Different VLANs can be prioritised based on the value.
    The Ethertype tag allows the frame to inform the switch as to which ethernet protocol is being used.

4. Discuss the real-time facilitating techniques applied in ProfinetIRT, EtherCAT, Ethernet, Powerlink, Sercos III, and EtherNet/IP
    By making adjustments to the data stack and optimising the protocol/hardware for specific applications improvements. 
    A dedicated protocol/hardware is always faster and more expensive then a more general solution.
    
5. How is overhead/payload ratio reduced in EtherCat?
    By removing certain unneccessary parts of the standard ethernet protocol EtherCat can improve their latency.
    
6. Is the Ethernet frame just broadcasted to all nodes in EhterCAT?
    Yes, EtherCat runs on a ring topology system.
    
7. Why is the Precision Time Protocol important to Ethernet/IP?
    When a command is sent, it includes a time for when it should happen. This leads to high requirements for time precision.
